附录B 外文原文

（原文出处：I. Fette, A. Melnikov. RFC 6455: The WebSocket Protocol[S]. IETF, December 2011. 本文献为本论文参考文献[21]。）

Abstract

The WebSocket Protocol enables two-way communication between a client running untrusted code in a controlled environment to a remote host that has opted-in to communications from that code. The security model used for this is the origin-based security model commonly used by web browsers. The protocol consists of an opening handshake followed by basic message framing, layered over TCP. The goal of this technology is to provide a mechanism for browser-based applications that need two-way communication with servers that does not rely on opening multiple HTTP connections, such as using XMLHttpRequest or iframes and long polling.

Historically, creating web applications that need bidirectional communication between a client and a server, such as instant messaging and gaming applications, has required an abuse of HTTP to poll the server for updates while sending upstream notifications as distinct HTTP calls. This results in a variety of problems: the server is forced to use a number of different underlying TCP connections for each client, one for sending information to the client and a new one for each incoming message; the wire protocol has a high overhead, with each client-to-server message having an HTTP header; and the client-side script is forced to maintain a mapping from the outgoing connections to the incoming connection to track replies. A simpler solution would be to use a single TCP connection for traffic in both directions. This is what the WebSocket Protocol provides. Combined with the WebSocket API, it provides an alternative to HTTP polling for two-way communication from a web page to a remote server. The same technique can be used for a variety of web applications: games, stock tickers, multiuser applications with simultaneous editing, user interfaces exposing server-side services in real time, and so forth.

The WebSocket Protocol is designed to supersede existing bidirectional communication technologies that use HTTP as a transport layer to benefit from existing infrastructure, including proxies, filtering, and authentication. Such technologies were implemented as trade-offs between efficiency and reliability because HTTP was not initially meant to be used for bidirectional communication. The WebSocket Protocol attempts to address the goals of existing bidirectional HTTP technologies in the context of the existing HTTP infrastructure; as such, it is designed to work over HTTP ports 80 and 443 as well as to support HTTP proxies and intermediaries, even if this implies some complexity specific to the current environment. However, the design does not limit WebSocket to HTTP, and future implementations could use a simpler handshake over a dedicated port without reinventing the entire protocol. This is important because the traffic patterns of interactive messaging do not closely match standard HTTP traffic and can induce unusual loads on some components.

The protocol has two parts: a handshake and the data transfer. Once the client and server have both sent their handshakes, and if the handshake was successful, the data transfer part starts. This is a two-way communication channel where each side can, independently from the other, send data at will. After a successful handshake, clients and servers transfer data back and forth in conceptual units referred to in this specification as messages. On the wire, a message is composed of one or more frames. A frame has an associated type, and each frame belonging to the same message contains the same type of data. Broadly speaking, there are types for textual data, which is interpreted as UTF-8 text; binary data, whose interpretation is left up to the application; and control frames, which are not intended to carry data for the application but instead for protocol-level signaling, such as to signal that the connection should be closed. This version of the protocol defines six frame types and leaves ten reserved for future use.

The opening handshake is intended to be compatible with HTTP-based server-side software and intermediaries, so that a single port can be used by both HTTP clients and WebSocket clients talking to that server. To this end, the WebSocket client's handshake is an HTTP Upgrade request. Once both parties have exchanged their handshakes successfully, the data transfer can begin.

The WebSocket Protocol is designed on the principle that there should be minimal framing; the only framing that exists is to make the protocol frame-based instead of stream-based and to support a distinction between Unicode text and binary frames. It is expected that metadata would be layered on top of WebSocket by the application layer, in the same way that metadata is layered on top of TCP. Conceptually, WebSocket is really just a layer on top of TCP that adds a web origin-based security model for browsers, an addressing and protocol naming mechanism, a framing mechanism on top of TCP without length limits, and an additional closing handshake in-band designed to work in the presence of proxies and other intermediaries. Other than that, WebSocket adds nothing. It is intended to be as close to just exposing raw TCP to script as possible given the constraints of the Web. The protocol is intended to be extensible; future versions will likely introduce additional concepts such as multiplexing.

The WebSocket Protocol uses the origin model used by web browsers to restrict which web pages can contact a WebSocket server when used from a web page. This protocol is intended to fail to establish a connection with servers of pre-existing protocols like SMTP and HTTP, while allowing HTTP servers to opt-in to supporting this protocol if desired, achieved by having a strict and elaborate handshake and by limiting the data that can be inserted into the connection before the handshake is finished.

The WebSocket Protocol is an independent TCP-based protocol. Its only relationship to HTTP is that its handshake is interpreted by HTTP servers as an Upgrade request. By default, the WebSocket Protocol uses port 80 for regular WebSocket connections and port 443 for WebSocket connections tunneled over Transport Layer Security. When a connection is to be made to a port that is shared by an HTTP server, the connection will appear as a regular GET request with an Upgrade offer. In relatively simple setups, this might allow a practical way for systems based on the WebSocket Protocol to be deployed; in more elaborate setups with load balancers and multiple servers, a dedicated set of hosts for WebSocket connections is probably easier to manage.

The client can request that the server use a specific subprotocol by including the Sec-WebSocket-Protocol field in its handshake. If specified, the server needs to include the same field and one of the selected subprotocol values in its response for the connection to be established. Subprotocols can be versioned in backward-incompatible ways by changing the subprotocol name, while backward-compatible versioning can be implemented by reusing the same subprotocol string but carefully designing the actual subprotocol to support extensibility.

（原文出处：I. Fette, A. Melnikov. RFC 6455: The WebSocket Protocol[S]. IETF, December 2011. https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc6455）
